#Bachelor Thesis Rapport

##Chapters

###Abstract

###Introduction

Suggested content: Project description, evaluation results, overview of the rest of the report

### Activity Based Computing

Suggested content: ABC paradigm, concepts, focus on adaptation (how are activities shown), discovery (learn about its environment), and suspend / resume, REST service (cross platform)

### Mobile Activities

Suggested content: How can activities work in a mobile / tablet environment, what differs from a desktop environment, does it make sense to use lokal applikations instead of cloud services on a mobile device, how to track user location, scenarios

### Implementation

Suggested content: Implementation of UI, communication with BLIP and ABC service, class diagram

### Evaluation

Suggested content: Scenarios, test preparation, test execution, test results

### Discussion

### Conclusion

Suggested content: Conclusion, suggested improvements


## Scenarios

### Category: Mobility

**Scenario 1:**
*Note - used as a user test*
A student have a busy day at the University. In the morning the student have to do a presentation in an Auditorium, which involves a PDF presentation, document notes and some sample websites. After the presentation the student have a meeting with his supervisor regarding a school project he is doing at the supervisors office. They will discuss several designs of a product the student is developing, and involves meeting notes, some online resources and several images of the design. At the end of the day the student need to attend a lecture on an interesting subject which requires him to have access to the lecture slides, the exercises presented, and a note document. This will take place in a small teaching room.

*Goal*: Test context awareness from a student point of view. Test the use of cloud services for handling all resources.

*Walkthrough*: 
[1]: Create an activity, by pressing the [+] button in the top right of the activity overview, with the name of the activity (Presentation on thesis paper), the category P (brown) and the location 2C. Add the PDF-file presentation.pdf and document notes.doc from the dropbox folder by pressing the [+] sign in the upper right corner, giving them a name, and a proper category (pdf, document), and the URLS: AQO.net, libertine-libertine.com and norseprojects.com, by accessing them in the webbrowser, and just press save in the lower left corner, and give them the category html page.

[2]: Create an activity, by pressing the [+] button in the top right of the activity overview, with the name of the activity (Project meeting), the category M (red) and the location 4C. Add the document meeting_notes.doc from the dropbox and all the design images from the local image library folder by pressing the [+] sign in the upper right corner, giving them a name, and a proper category (document, image), and the URLS: developer.apple.com and ui-patterns.com, by accessing them in the webbrowser, and just press save, and give them the category html page.

[3]: Create an activity, by pressing the [+] button in the top right of the activity overview, with the name of the activity (Lecture BPRD), the category L (blue) and the location 4A. Add the document slides.pdf and exercises.pdf from the dropbox folder by pressing the [+] sign in the upper right corner, giving them a name, and a proper category (pdf), and the URL to a google document by accessing it in the webbrowser and adding it through the save button in the lower right corner.

**Scenario 2:**
*Note - used as example in the report*
A professor got a day full of meetings at the University. In the beginning of the day he will have a meeting with the head of a study programme at which he teaches a course. They will discuss several course related material, and course goals, and will require the use of the course website, a document with the goals of the study programme, the exercises used in the course. Later he will have a lunch meeting with a fellow colleague in the cantina, to discuss an idea for a project. During preparation he have found several online resources on the matter, and have made a few designs and diagrams he wants to share. After lunch he got a meeting in his office with a couple of students regarding a bachelor thesis, and needs to review some code written, which includes looking over several source code files, as well as a generated documentation file. Afterwards he got a meeting with a PhD student in his office, regarding his thesis that needs review, and also to discuss a certain article found online. During the meeting the search through an article db located online, and find a couple of interesting articles that they add for later use.

### Category: Activity Management and Usage

**Scenario 1:**
A student receives a call from a fellow student, and ask if they can meet up in 10 minutes. The fellow student also ask to bring their solution to the latest homework assignment, as well as the reading material from the course base. He ask this because the lecture later in the day have been cancelled due to illness, and it is not possible to move it to another day.

**Scenario 2:**
A professor writes to his students that he no longer will be using the course website that they have been using so far. All course material have been moved to a new website, where they can be assesed. One of the student had just saved all the old materials, and have to remove them, and add them for the new course website instead.

**Scenario 3:**
A professer receives an e-mail that some of his student would like to meet up and discuss last week exercises and their sugested solutions. They have uploaded all their files to a public folder online, and have sent him the URL for this folder, and want to discuss all the materials individually there.

## Evaluation

### Setup
The user will be placed at a table in order to prepare the activities. Initially the application will show several different "dummy" activities that are real examples of existing activities. Examples of what appear initially are "Conference : Human Computer Interaction", "Meeting : Project Group", "Exercise Java 7" and "Lecture : Databases". Initially the user will be given an introduction to the system as well as its features. After that the user will receive oral tasks to complete on their own. The user will be asked to complete scenario 1 first at a fixed location, and afterwards answer a brief questionnaire. Afterwards the user will be asked to move around while completing scenario 2, based on oral tasks that the user will complete on their own. Afterwards the user will complete a short questionnaire, and the entire session will end with a short interview based on their answers on the two questionnaires.

### Scenario 1 - Activity creation.
A student have a busy day tomorrow at the University. In the morning the student have to do a presentation in an Auditorium, which involves a PDF presentation, document notes and some sample websites. After the presentation the student have a meeting with his supervisor regarding a school project he is doing at the supervisors office. They will discuss several designs of a product the student is developing, and involves meeting notes, some online resources and several images of the design. Later that day the student need to attend a lecture on an interesting subject which requires him to have access to the lecture slides, the exercises presented, and a note document. This will take place in a small teaching room. At the end of the day the student will be attending workshop on innovation. This will include a website, and a sketch of a brilliant idea that the student would like som feedback on. The location for this activity have not been dertermined yet.

**Walkthrough**                
[1]: Create an activity, by pressing the [+] button in the top right of the activity overview, with the name of the activity (Lecture on thesis paper), the category P (brown) and the location 2C. Add the PDF-file presentation.pdf and document presentation_notes.doc from the dropbox folder by pressing the [+] sign in the upper right corner, giving them a name, and a proper category (pdf, document), and the URLS: AQO.net, libertine-libertine.com and norseprojects.com, by accessing them in the webbrowser, and just press save in the lower left corner, and give them the category html page.

[2]: Create an activity, by pressing the [+] button in the top right of the activity overview, with the name of the activity (Project meeting), the category M (red) and the location 4C. Add the document meeting_notes.pdf from the dropbox and all the design images from the local image library folder by pressing the [+] sign in the upper right corner, giving them a name, and a proper category (document, image), and the URLS: developer.apple.com and ui-patterns.com, by accessing them in the webbrowser, and just press save, and give them the category html page.

[3]: Create an activity, by pressing the [+] button in the top right of the activity overview, with the name of the activity (Lecture BPRD), the category L (blue) and the location 4A. Add the document slides.pdf and exercises.pdf from the dropbox folder by pressing the [+] sign in the upper right corner, giving them a name, and a proper category (pdf), and the URL to a google document by accessing it in the webbrowser and adding it through the save button in the lower right corner.

[4]: Create an activity, by pressing the [+] button in the top right of the activity overview, with the name of the activity (Workshop Innovation), the category W (cyan). No location will be added. Add the image sketch.jpg from the dropbox folder by pressing the [+] sign in the upper right corner, giving it a name, and a proper category (image), and the URL to itu-innovators.dk by accessing it in the webbrowser and adding it through the save button in the lower right corner.

### Scenario 2 - Mobility and filtering

The day have come to carry out yesterdays preparations. The student will begin by going to 2C to do his presentation using the resources prepared yesterday. In the break during his presentation he wants to look through the rest of the presentation on in the local iBooks application. He finishes up his presentation and proceed to the meeting with his supervisor in 4C. He have a very fruitfull meeting, and are able to present all of his designs and ideas. They had a long discussion and a lot of drawings on the whiteboard, and the student desides to take a picture and add to the activity. He also want to add some comments to his notes, and opens up his note-PDF in the local GoodReader application. After a short break he moves on to attend his lecture in 4A. During the lecture he takes important notes, and feels refreshed by all the new things he have learned. He also finds a good tutorial online that he adds to his lecture activity. Last but not least he meets up with the other innovators, and they move around the university and find a suitable and available room. He finishes the workshop and head home.

**Walkthrough**              
[1]: Have location filtering turned on and move to 2C. Of all the activities available only one should now be visible for easy access. He should download the presentation.pdf by holding down his finger on the resource, and then open in iBooks from the popup window.

[2]: Have location filtering turned on and move to 4C. Of all the activities available only one should now be visible for easy access. Take a picture with the camera of a whiteboard and add it to the activity.

[3]: Have location filtering turned on and move to 4A. Of all the activities available only one should now be visible for easy access. Go to the msdn.com and add it to the activity. He should download the meeting_notes.pdf by holding down his finger on the resource, and then open in GoodReader from the popup window.

[4]: Have location filtering turned off and move to 3D. Turn category filtering on for workshop. Only one should be visible for easy access.
